add README for openebs plugin (#3849)
openebs/openebs: plugin/README.md

# Kubectl Plugin

## Overview
The kubectl plugin has been created in accordance with the instructions outlined in the [official documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubectl/kubectl-plugins/).

This plugin simplifies storage management for OpenEBS users who have deployed their clusters using the OpenEBS umbrella chart. It provides a unified interface for all OpenEBS storage engines like Mayastor, LocalPV-LVM, LocalPV-ZFS, and LocalPV-HostPath.

> This plugin leverages the existing ```kubectl mayastor``` codebase for Mayastor engine commands. For other engines (LocalPV-LVM, LocalPV-ZFS, and LocalPV-HostPath), new code has been developed, drawing inspiration from the current ```kubectl openebs``` plugin.
> 
> While the original kubectl-openebs plugin only supported LocalPV engines, this plugin extends that support to include Mayastor and organizes commands by engine type for improved clarity and usability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin leverages the existing ```kubectl mayastor``` codebase for Mayastor engine commands. For other engines (LocalPV-LVM, LocalPV-ZFS, and LocalPV-Hostpath), new code has been developed, drawing inspiration from the current ```kubectl openebs``` plugin.

While the original kubectl-openebs plugin only supported LocalPV engines, this plugin extends that support to include Mayastor and organizes commands by engine type for improved clarity and usability.
```

> While the original kubectl-openebs plugin only supported LocalPV engines, this plugin extends that support to include Mayastor and organizes commands by engine type for improved clarity and usability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the original kubectl-openebs plugin only supported LocalPV engines, this plugin extends that support to include Mayastor and organizes commands by engine type for improved clarity and usability. Mayastor commands from `kubectl mayastor` are not available under the alias `kubectl openebs mayastor`.
```

> ## Namespace handling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Namespace handling

```

> This plugin avoids the hardcoded "mayastor" namespace assumption used by the ```kubectl-mayastor``` plugin. Instead, if a namespace is not explicitly provided, the plugin defaults to the namespace defined in the default kubeconfig context. If ```--kube-config-path``` is specified, Then it picks namespace from the custom kubeconfig file if ```--namespace``` is not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin avoids the hardcoded "mayastor" namespace assumption used by the ```kubectl-mayastor``` plugin. Instead, if a namespace is not explicitly provided, the plugin defaults to the namespace defined in the kubeconfig context. The kubeconfig path is configurable using `--kube-config-path` or the `KUBECONFIG` env. Namespace can be set explicitly using the `--namespace` option.
```

The kube-rs/kube library tries the KUBECONFIG env and the ~/.kube/config files for default cases.

Author: It has that function to read from env. But we dont seem to call that. We just try to get it from path if specified otherwise its default kubeconfig.

Reviewer: That's right, the default kubeconfig path is first read from the env, and if that's empty or unset, then the default kubeconfig path $HOME/.kube/config path is used.

Please follow this call stack:
1. https://github.com/openebs/openebs/blob/develop/plugin/src/main.rs#L30
2. https://github.com/openebs/mayastor-control-plane/blob/develop/k8s/proxy/src/lib.rs#L39
3. https://github.com/openebs/mayastor-control-plane/blob/develop/k8s/proxy/src/lib.rs#L28C31-L28C46
4. https://github.com/kube-rs/kube/blob/main/kube-client/src/config/file_loader.rs#L29
5. https://github.com/kube-rs/kube/blob/main/kube-client/src/config/file_config.rs#L412

This allows users to manage OpenEBS installations in any namespace. For example, if OpenEBS is installed in the "storage" namespace, users can set their current context's namespace using:

```
kubectl config set-context --namespace=storage --current
```

## Output format

> By default output format for all command is Tabular. We also support Json ```-o json``` and Yaml ```-o yaml```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default output format for all command is tabular. We also support JSON `-o json` and YAML `-o yaml`
```

> ## Output format

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Output format

```

> ## Usage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Usage

```

**The plugin must be placed in your `PATH` in order for it to be used.**

The name of the plugin binary dictates how it is used. From the documentation:
> For example, a plugin named `kubectl-foo` provides a command `kubectl foo`.

In our case the name of the binary is specified in the Cargo.toml file as `kubectl-openebs`, therefore the command is `kubectl openebs`.

To make the plugin as intuitive as possible, every attempt has been made to make the usage as similar to that of the standard `kubectl` command line utility as possible.

> The general command structure is `kubectl openebs <engine> <operation> <resource>` where engines can be any OpenEBS provided engine. All localpv engines has only `get` commands now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general command structure is `kubectl openebs <engine> <operation> <resource>` where engines can be any OpenEBS provided engine. The localpv engines only have `get` commands at the moment.
```

  get   Gets localpv-lvm resources
  help  Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
  -o, --output <OUTPUT>
          The Output, viz yaml, json [default: none]
  -n, --namespace <NAMESPACE>
          Namespace where openebs is installed. If unset, defaults to the default namespace in the current context
  -k, --kube-config-path <KUBE_CONFIG_PATH>
          Path to kubeconfig file
  -h, --help
          Print help                Print help
```

For Mayastor:

```
Options:
  -n, --namespace <NAMESPACE>
          Namespace where openebs is installed. If unset, defaults to the default namespace in the current context
  -r, --rest <REST>
          The rest endpoint to connect to
  -k, --kube-config-path <KUBE_CONFIG_PATH>
          Path to kubeconfig file
  -o, --output <OUTPUT>
          The Output, viz yaml, json [default: none]
  -j, --jaeger <JAEGER>
          Trace rest requests to the Jaeger endpoint agent
  -t, --timeout <TIMEOUT>
          Timeout for the REST operations [default: 10s]
  -h, --help
          Print help
```

### Examples and Outputs

### Mayastor

<details>
<summary> General Resources operations </summary>

1. Get Volumes
```

> ❯ kubectl mayastor get volumes

Reviewer: kubectl mayastor or kubectl openebs mayastor?
